Mind not talking
grab
Hey
My wife was kidnapped by Wang Qianju
Why is Wang Qianju so bold?
I'll kill him now
Don't go yet, even if you catch him back
He can't possibly tell me where my wife is
Boss Lin
The witness has a hundred ways to make him say it
Can you guarantee
I can not
By the way, let me ask you.
What are Wang Qianju's industries in Yizhou?
Can you find it?
Yeah, why didn't I think of that?
Boss Lin, wait a minute.
I'll check it now
Boss Lin
This is all the industry records of Wang Qianju
He owns a total of 14 restaurants
During the period, the workshop has 6 compounds
There is another property outside the city
What is this out-of-town business? A small business?
Traces of waste
This place is the most secluded
My wife must be there
I'll bring someone there now.
Wait until later
I'll go to Hanhai Restaurant first to stabilize Wang Qianjun
Lest he get suspicious
Then I'll start preparing people now.
Xiao Mei'er, your husband really cares for you
He's going to ship all his products tomorrow.
It's all transferred to me.